Q3 2025 content team goals (#11972)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/teams/content/objectives.mdx

**What we'll ship:**
* Updated and fully fleshed out docs, working along similar lines to reference docs Edwin and Vincent are creating for error tracking.  
* Alternatives, comparison and top-of-funnel content promoting our data warehouse.  
* Opinionated blog and newsletter content (e.g. how we use data warehouse)

**We'll know we're successful when**

* Top-of-funnel content is getting traction and creating interest  
* Interest in the product converts to real usage from new and existing users  
* Growth in pageviews to data warehouse docs and tutorials  
* Increased visibility of PostHog as a data warehouse option form LLMs

### **Goal: Maturing the newsletter growth engine**

**Owner:** Lior

**Motivation:** 
* We want to reduce reliance on Substack recommendations, improve quality of paid signups, and create a scalable growth engine that's (largely) set and forget.

**What we'll ship:**
* Newsletter ads for LinkedIn, Meta, and Reddit.  
* Newsletter ads and placements using new methods of tracking to validate.

**We'll know we're successful when**
* Open rates improve to above 40%  
* We know what works and this becomes easy to maintain  

> * We grow our newsletter by XXXX at an average cost of $3 per sub

Author: Budget + number TBD

**What we'll ship:**
* An awesome newsletter every two weeks

**We'll know we're successful when**
* We continue to see good engagement and feedback on newsletters  
* No decline in important metrics (shares, organic subs, open rate etc.)

### **Goal: Shipping product engineer handbook**

**Owner:** <TeamMember name="Andy Vandervell" />

**Motivation:** 
* We want to completely own the concept of the Product Engineer by creating its central text. We're 80% of the way there. Need to ship final 20%.

**What we'll ship**
* The introductory chapters of the handbook using a similar structure to the company handbook. This will give us the platform to then develop more sections on specific topics, or potentially integrate getting started content into the handbook.

**We'll know we're successful when**
* We've shipped the first version of the guide  
* Positive initial reaction from our users and readers  
* Ranking for product engineer keywords in search  
* Incoming users convert to reading other parts of guide  

> * Converting handbook readers to subscribers of the newsletter

Author: yes

### **Goal: Better systems and insights for content marketing**

**Owner:** Andy

**Motivation:** 
* We want a better grasp of data and growth patterns for our work, and we (mostly Andy, tbh) thinks more robust systems will help us coordinate content and marketing efforts better as we scale.

**What we'll ship**
* Insight of the week during sprint meetings  
* Kick-ass new dashboards for how content and docs are performing  
* Monthly growth review for team content (inc. newsletter, content & docs)  
* Marketing / content calendar anyone can access and understand

**We'll know we're successful when**
* We're regularly making better decisions about what to prioritize based on data  
* We have a strong grasp of the data points we care about (and which ones we don't)  
* Anyone can see what's happening and when at a glance

## Docs

> ### **Goal: Create the ideal product docs for error tracking**

Reviewer: 🤩

**What we'll ship**
* DeskHog launch video   
* Customer infrastructure vision / explainer ;)  
* Hackathon documentary with accompanying blog post

**We'll know we're successful when**
* They are shipped on time (within reason)  
* Positive feedback from PostHog fans

### **Goal: HogTok** 

**Owner: <TeamMember name="Edwin Lim" /> (with support from video)**

**Motivation:** 

* Video (HogTok) as a website delivery system for feature discovery, tutorials, and technical content, and our flagship big video projects.

**What we'll ship**
* Two HogTok's per week consistently  
* Social media player that supports videos and images in the app and website  
* Social posts on brand and James' account using HogToks

**We'll know we're successful when**
* Users watch the content  
* People mention how cool HogTok is   
* Support and sales teams find it useful enough to share with users  
* We can see conversion to usage / adoption of features

## **Sidequests:** 
* We hire everyone we want to hire in Q3 – Andy
* Working with freelance agency to update stale tutorials – Lior
* Viral animated video shorts – Lior  

> * Automating docs feedback and ideas in one place and making it actionable – Vincent  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Automating summaries of the docs feedback each week with LLMs to make it actionable – Vincent  
```

* Adding Greptile or similar to website repo to spot common errors and problems – Ian

## **Things we want to do with new hires:**

> * Much better docs + content marketing for CDP, surveys, and LLM observability

Reviewer 3: Noice!

**What we'll ship:**
* Updated and fully fleshed out docs, working along similar lines to reference docs Edwin and Vincent are creating for error tracking.  
* Alternatives, comparison and top-of-funnel content promoting our data warehouse.  
* Opinionated blog and newsletter content (e.g. how we use data warehouse)

**We'll know we're successful when**

* Top-of-funnel content is getting traction and creating interest  
* Interest in the product converts to real usage from new and existing users  
* Growth in pageviews to data warehouse docs and tutorials  
* Increased visibility of PostHog as a data warehouse option from LLMs

### **Goal: Maturing the newsletter growth engine**

**Owner:** <TeamMember name="Lior Neu-ner" />

**Motivation:** 
* We want to reduce reliance on Substack recommendations, improve quality of paid signups, and create a scalable growth engine that's (largely) set and forget.

**What we'll ship:**
* Newsletter ads for LinkedIn, Meta, and Reddit.  
* Newsletter ads and placements using new methods of tracking to validate.

**We'll know we're successful when**
* Open rates above 40%  
* We know what works and this becomes easy to maintain  

> ### **Goal: Maintain quality standards with newsletter**
> 
> **Owner:** <TeamMember name="Ian Vanagas" />, <TeamMember name="Lior Neu-ner" />, and <TeamMember name="Andy Vandervell" />
> 
> **Motivation:** 
> * We want to maintain our existing newsletter schedule and quality standards, but without adding more ambition here until we hire an additional writer who will be dedicated to the newsletter full time. 
> 
> **What we'll ship:**
> * An awesome newsletter every two weeks
> 
> **We'll know we're successful when**
> * We continue to see good engagement and feedback on newsletters  
> * No decline in important metrics (shares, organic subs, open rate etc.)

Author: ```suggestion
### **Goal: Long-term vision for newsletters**

**Owner:** <TeamMember name="Ian Vanagas" />, <TeamMember name="Lior Neu-ner" />, and <TeamMember name="Andy Vandervell" />

**Motivation:** 
* We want to maintain our existing newsletter schedule and quality standards while developing a stronger opinion on the future of newsletters at PostHog, audiences we want to reach, and what we're going to do to reach them in the short, medium and long-term.

**What we'll ship:**
* An awesome newsletter every two weeks
* Newsletter offsite to workshop new ideas and long-term plans
* Updated handbook pages on newsletter process + plans
* Hiring plan for what's needed to execute our newsletter vision

**We'll know we're successful when**
* We ship a great newsletter every two weeks
* We continue to see good engagement and feedback on newsletters  
* No decline in important metrics (shares, organic subs, open rate etc.)
* We successfully onboard a new newsletter writer in Q3
```

Author: @Lior539 @ivanagas I'd like to tweak our newsletter goal for Q3. Feedback wanted on the above.

Reviewer 4: Sounds great to me, I'm excited about this :)

**What we'll ship**
* Two HogTok's per week consistently  
* Social media player that supports videos and images in the app and website  
* Social posts on brand and James' account using HogToks

**We'll know we're successful when**
* Users watch the content  
* People mention how cool HogTok is   
* Support and sales teams find it useful enough to share with users  
* We can see conversion to usage / adoption of features

## Meta goals

### We hire all the awesome people

**Owner:** Andy

**Motivation:**
* We need to grow our team to increase our capacity for core work and grow our owned audiences

**What we'll ship:**
* Hire all Q3 roles in the marketing hiring place:
  * 1x post-production specialist
  * 1x content marketer
  * 1x developer who writes guides
  * 1x Developer who writes newsletters
* Proposals for new roles as needed, including:
  * Developer who is terminally online (social media)

**We'll know we're successful when**
* We've hired everyone want during Q3
* New starters onboarded and making an instant positive impact

## **Sidequests:** 

> * We hire everyone we want to hire in Q3 – Andy

Author: ```suggestion
```
